be advised tahsil UAB incoming
friendly UAB in
hey what's up guys tell p and you're
watching some hood quarters on black ops
2 and this is the league play playlist
basically what that means is there's
mosh pit league play and there's
championship league play mosh pits still
just basically regular game Rhodes just
a big mosh pit and you can get rankings
and stuff like that it's based off
win-loss I believe and a championship is
for v4 and that actually has like
competitive rules I don't know I don't
really follow competitive but you guys
can't tell I am really sick and baby
Opie's been sick the wife's been sick
we've been basically all puking all
taking turns do in the head when one of
us is in the bathroom one of us is out
here taking care of baby I'll pee or
puking ourselves or whatever so my voice
is a little messed up for some reason
when i get sick my voice goes higher
though most people their voice was lower
but anyway the wife's feeling better
baby appease feeling better I actually
just got done puking about 10 minutes
ago so I'm gonna fight through this
commentary it's Thanksgiving tomorrow
for all you us peeps so I won't have a
video of tomorrow probably I went up on
friday so i probably have on up again
till monday or tuesday so i'll just
fight through it still be too big sissy
what i wanted to talk about in this
video is a rant but not really it's ptfo
man but those you watched my last video
I talked about ptfo and the amount of
questions I got asking me what ptfo is
I'll be honest I was a little
disappointed ptfo I'm going to do the
censored version to play the freaking
objective play the freakin objective
exactly what i'm doing now this is quite
the sequence of events here i'm trying
to capture this base my teammates are
there but they're not really trying to
cap it you're kind of running around i
got grenades flying at me all over the
place i'm throwing smoke i'm trying to
capture this base they're all the
enemies are all over me i'm flying back
and forth at one point there's a smoke
grenade that gun another
grenade then I gotta run out of the way
from another one point there's like a
smoke grenade that comes in like dolphin
dive over top of the the fricking
capture side out of the smoke right here
just to like it's him ago she had run
back in and I get caught on a teammate
yeah it was pretty crazy and you're
gonna miss out on this stuff if you're
not PTF Owen I mean that sequence right
that was fast action it was crazy I was
trying to you know capture this
objective while they were trying to take
me out you know grenades are going off
smoke grenades going off c4 is going up
it's it's insane and if I'm some douche
not sitting in the back of the map with
a sniper rifle you're completely missing
out on that entire experience and the
reason why I use a sniper rifle I'm
sorry guys a sniper rifle is the most
anti objective weapon in call duty
history I understand you're giving
support by picking people off from a
distance come on get that crap out of
here you're not capping the objective
you're not collecting tags you're not
jumping on flags and domination you are
not an objective player and you're
missing out on the point of this game I
said in my commentary yesterday the
point of this game is to ptfo there's
you can't get streaks I mean you can but
if you're camping for streaks you're
killing yourself taking four times as
long just sitting in the back of the map
like a nerd kill horn people you can get
your streaks four times faster if you
just play the objective this game
rewards you for playing the objective
and some of you might ask what do you
care with Kozma and I mean if the whole
point of the game or the biggest point
of the game is playing objective and
people aren't playing objective it's
boring sure we destroy people we will
kick we win kill confirmed by 60 tags
you know we win a headquarter games like
double the points but that's boring if
everybody's playing objective stop
worrying about your GD KD your
what are we in here now this is the
ninth installment of call of duty stop
worrying about your KD if you're worried
about what your friends are gonna think
about you if you're still like young and
little school or high school or whatever
or you think people are going to be
looking at your your stats on called you
leave they're gonna make fun of you good
God get some new friends you look at my
college elite it's terrible it's full of
terrible kds and rage quits because of
connections and you know I think my
win-loss right now is like a point for
from all the games I've either left or
being kicked out of because of
connections I mean who cares about your
stats this right here this is fun
capturing the objective playing the game
the way that's intended I don't
understand why people don't get this you
know every time I get sniped by a sniper
in the back of the map and kill
confirmed the first thing I'll do
usually is look at the leaderboards and
it'll have like it maybe like 14 and 7
and it'll have 00 collects and 0 denies
how do you possibly have fun playing
that way and I don't mean to Brant my
god like I always say you know I've been
trying to be a lot better lately not
judging people how they play you know
not judging people on the perks that
they use her whatever the case may be my
baby that kid just pooped himself but if
you're completely ignoring the basis of
the game it's just a little frustrating
you know this game would be a lot better
if people just play it the way that it
was intended but I guess that's an
age-old argument that we've been having
for all these call of duty's I guess but
anyway guys ranting aside you will have
so much more fun in this game more than
any other call of duty if you just
forget about your stupid kill death
ratio your stupid hunter plus kill games
and just play the objective that's all
you have to do and I guarantee you will
end up liking this game I see so many
complaints on Twitter and then YouTube
videos about people who don't like this
game this game is different you guys
want it different this is different
enjoy the game play
if as always guys thanks for watching
later